hey guys is my passage in just 4 sorry
for the background noise my mom there's
a movie going on but anyways it
shouldn't be that bad well anyway well
I'm going to show you how to root your
device first of all i'm going to show
you that my device is already rooted see
i'll do this again c-congratulations as
vice has root access so yeah that's
proof right there so anyways let's go on
the computer first of all you know
download that file right there that file
once you download at that um unzip your
unzip this file right here which should
be right when you get on there so unzip
that file right there and extract it
wherever you need to i say i would say
the desktop but where we put it uh and
put it on put it on desktop but that's
just probably the easiest place and
sorry about the camera shaking and all
its really not my not my fault it's just
cuz im using that iphone so what you're
going to want to do you're going to want
to go down here make sure it's plugged
in and whenever you press when we press
this uh make sure that says connected as
a camera if it says connected as an
installer or mobile device while you do
you press that and check then put it to
camera pptp know when is camera okay so
sorry I'm looking today so anyways where
you like I want to do is on the computer
is press that little oh right there this
works this these are work this works for
windows 8 and windows seven that i know
i'm pretty sure work from windows vista
windows XP but this is mainly for
windows 8 and windows seven just showing
you okay what you're going to do is
right click on android if you're having
problems and if there's an automation
point this is
it is really need for you now press on
properties now go to hardware em and go
to properties right here and click
android adb interface or it will
probably say I'm Android that's probably
all I'll say mine's re-fix better
properties sorry good driver and none on
I'm sorry you go to change settings and
I want to do is go to driver update
driver go to browse my computer for
driver software go to lemon pickin list
of Android devices press Android a BB in
from interfaced press next and then you
need to read this if you want but just
press yes it says installing driver
software and then close you're going to
want to restart your computer but I
really don't need to know I'm gonna
press note but if you want to restart it
at that point precious now now what
you're gonna want to do is open up your
wherever you put it I put it in here
you're gonna want to open superoneclick
and make sure you press yes rather
depressed now you won't be able to do it
uh just don't it later um now what
you're gonna want to do is just press
route I'm gonna yeah well you press
fruit and you let it route I'm not going
to do that because mines are really i'm
not sure if I'll mess it up or not but
that's how you rate it guys and if you
want to get clockworkmod um then let's
I'll show you well I can't do that right
now i'll just do it another video
already thank you guys this is my
passage in gs4 i hope you like a route
once it's done routing i'm not sure if i
don't even think it restarts itself but
that should really be it if you need
help just just comment below and thank
you guys and this was my passwords in
just 4 subscribe up there